[Security] 8.18.3 release notes (#6891)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.18.asciidoc

[[release-notes-header-8.18.0]]
== 8.18

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.18.3]]
=== 8.18.3

[discrete]
[[enhancements-8.18.3]]
==== Enhancements
* Adds `dns` event collection for macOS for {elastic-defend} ({kibana-pull}223566[#223566]).
* Adds pricing information about Elastic Managed LLM in AI Assistant and Attack Discovery tours and callouts ({kibana-pull}221566[#221566]).

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.18.3]]
==== Fixes
* Fixes a bug where OSS models didn't work when streaming was ON ({kibana-pull}224129[#224129]).

> * Fixes a bug where cell actions didn't work when opening a timeline from specific rules ({kibana-pull}223302[#223302]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug where cell actions didn't work when opening a Timeline from specific rules ({kibana-pull}223302[#223302]).
```

* Fixes an issue where the entity risk score feature stopped persisting risk score documents ({kibana-pull}221937[#221937]).

> * Fixes rule upgrade Threat Match mapping components overflowing on small screens ({kibana-pull}218628[#218628]).

Reviewer: possible revision 
cc: @dplumlee 

```suggestion
* Fixes overflow issues with the threat match mapping component when you viewed the rule upgrade flyout on a smaller screen ({kibana-pull}218628[#218628]).
```

Reviewer 2: This is probably a better way to phrase it for release notes
